I'm just happy to be back in Russia
again with you
there are meaning a man that is my
credibility who is fighting for
democracy for Russia
he says totalitarian means friendship he
says after authoritarianism is
transition he say but democracy you know
I mean it's the best that you can get
that you can be able to deal with the
people of Russia say people's heart will
go out when they say that but the the
Soviet Union is disassembled you know
maybe he says but anybody that would
want to restore it again would be very
sure insistence in and ideas is it
because the new Russia the one that's
what democracy to other people and the
human rights and the human abilities is
something this movie core in the vinegar
together eske there's something kind of
wonderful so I think they plan to be
approved with President of Russia and
I'm just so happy because the Russian
people Avenue this important with the
decision of the WPA I think that the WPA
is let me say let us do the fight in
Russia gamers it gives me a chance to
get back into Russia to see Andre
Robinson II to be able to be with my
friend there and being able to go to Red
Square even previous a wonderful affair
to be
in Russia so we're looking for nothing
11f is a great failure as I said when I
was there
he has such courage are such intestinal
fortitude and that she does not
wonderful interiors when you can be
great people like Venice never never and
the vehicle and see these resistant
steals and talent so I'm looking forward
to seeing everyone again ever
we never accepted that and now I think
they restored it back again because we
had the test in two places the tested
one was an American one that was Ezra
silent and you know Osama team under the
condemnation of water all the difference
between organizations are not being
comforted in still attention of test
before you know anti-doping and so I
think that WBA made of finally fed
mistake when they uh they jumped in a
gun without considering the tips that
came in from
completely crazy and the one coming from
Russia was limited so within few days
you could do yes but happy to restore a
taro to a man not only got knocked out
but took their knees humbly say about a
dude is a little descending on a robbery
it was the decision by tomorrow for a
dignified business in Lebanon and into
saying you go give a man back a panel
that got knocked out in front of the
world then you have lost your sense of
reasoning because now you living boxing
banded Krait no no you make losing
women's hips
what what would inspire the to be
working hard you know dedicated sound
that's not good is the one good for the
wb8 weather's good Russia will look once
more so I think that they are trying to
correct it and I was very happy you know
that they are
there's no such thing there is no truth
is anything that he said in that regard
so right now that is that bankers big
dagger this prehistory behind us let's
move on forward and try to bring things
have a magnetism and great Korea
decided you know we used to be able to
be back in rich wearing is such history
is there and I just can't imagine being
any Prince now so so look for me would
be back in Russia gonna be to be able to
deal with the beautiful beautiful Russia
and to see a great fight in army and
it's going to be between Lebanon and and
and Guillermo Jones not that being a
brave Europe and if I'm the future of
the box I apartments too